Hello and welcome to this Arta Tauriel and mostly welcome to part Seven Natural Language Processing.
So what does natural language processing all about.
Well it's about analyzing text.
These texts can be books reviews some H-G male web pages that you extract from crapping all sorts of
text and therefore natural language processing is a branch of machine learning where we do some predictive
analysis on text mostly.
So in this part these texts are going to be reviews you know written reviews of restaurants.
And so we will make some machinery models that will predict.
If the review is positive or negative.
So this is a simple example of the application of natural language processing.
But the algorithm will make in this part will be very well applicable to other kinds of text you know
you'll be able to apply this on books for example to predict the job of a book you know whether a book
is a thriller a comedy or a romance.
You'll be also able to use it on HD male web pages to do whatever kind of analysis you want to do on
this pages.
You can also play it on newspapers you know to predict in which category an article belongs to.
Well you'll see that will make a general model that you'll be able to apply on most of the attacks.
And of course if you need to apply this on a more complicated text you can ask me some questions in
the Q&A and I'll tell you what to add to make this code work properly for your problem your text.
OK.
So let's start this let's start our algorithm and if we're starting with the first code section let's
do the basic step.
Let's set the rifle that was working directories so we'll get to our machine or in a folder then part
7 natural language processing so congratulations for reaching the parts you are now entering into a
very useful and exciting branch of machine learning.
So let's go in there and now we have to be D.S. natural language processing.
So here we go.
That's the father we want to set as a working directory.
So now we'll click on this more button here and then set as a working directory.
All good.
And now as you can notice in this full of the widget set it is working directory.
We have two data files.
We have a restaurant reviews that says the file and restaurant reviews that t as we follow.
So I left these two data files on purpose because there is an important thing to understand when we
prepare text datasets that I would like to highlight and show you right now.
So I'm going to go to my folder on my computer and we'll have a look at these two files from there.
So right now I'm going to my folder here it is.
And let's open the two restoral of UCSC.
So open with text in it.
Here we go.
And restaurant reviews dot TSB.
So same opened with text at it.
So that's the CSB and that's the TSB that's for us have a look at the CSC as you can see the first line
here is the title of the future columns we're going to have in our studio.
The first column is Review and the second column is light and I can see that because these two terms
here are separated by a comma and this is a C as we found meaning that all the columns are separated
by a comma.
So that's the first line containing the titles of the columns.
And then we have all our observations.
So one line corresponds to one observation and as you can see in each of these lines we first have the
review.
So this is of course a review of a restaurant.
So wow.
Love this place meaning of course that the reviews are positive and therefore in the second column The
liked column we have a one here meaning that the review is indeed positive.
So the variable for this.
Like column can take two values 1 or 0 and 1 means that it's a positive review and 0 means that it's
a negative review.
So indeed as you can see in the second review crust is not good.
Well of course that's a negative review and therefore there is a zero here.
All right so that's actually the kind of file We're used to because since the beginning of this course
we've only been using some see as we fell where the columns are separated by a comma.
But here we have something different.
We can see that we have the same columns.
First column is review second coming to light and we have the same reviews so these are exactly the
same data sets with the same data.
But there is one major difference.
And as you might have guessed this difference is the delimiter.
And this fall here the delimiter is a comma.
So that's the delimiter separating the two columns.
And in this file the delimiter is a tab and that's why we call it T as V tap separated values vs says
Vee comma separated values.
And so now according to you which one should we choose for our future algorithm you know we'll have
a machine learning algorithm analyzing all the reviews here and then the goal of this algorithm will
be to predict whether the review is positive or negative.
All right.
But now the question is do we need a data set where the columns are separated by a comma or by a tab.
Well the answer is as you might have guessed by a tab.
And why is that.
It's because we already have some callers in the reviews itself.
Well for example this one this review is the food corner.
Amazing.
So if we use our A C as we fell where the delimiter is a comma.
Well we'll have a problem for this review here because for this particular observation the first column
will contain the food here.
So our will think it's a review the food and the second column will not be one here but amazing because
there is this coming here that is taken for the delimiter and therefore it will separate the food and
amazing and therefore what will happen to one it will go to the next observation and therefore one will
be taken for a new review.
So that will not make any sense and this will mess up with the whole algorithm and that's why it's way
better to take tabs here because you know when people write reviews they do not put tabs in the review.
That would be very rare.
They would put come up very easily as we can see for this particular review and we can find other reviews
with Gummer's I'm sure of it.
Yes indeed we have another one here.
This place is not worth your time.
Come up let alone Vegas.
So it's very natural to put some comers in the reviews but not much natural to put some tabs in the
reviews and besides if you press on time when you're writing a review Well this will get to the next
you know button to like Submit your review or something else but by pressing the top button when you're
writing your review you would get out of the review and you would not be able to continue to write it.
So we will never find a tab in the review and that's why we will never have this problem of getting
these anomalies due to duplicate delimiters in one specific review.
So I really recommend to prepare your text data sets this way with a tap separator because you will
never have that kind of problem.
One other solution if you really want to use this yes we will be to include some double quotes here.
One of the left of the review and one at the right but you would still get some problems in case you
have some double quotes and the reviews itself.
I'm sure we can find one.
Let's have a look at the press command to find a double quote.
Here we are.
And that's exactly what I'm talking about.
For example let's have a look at this review here.
The description said yum yum sauce.
Well that's because this person here is quoting a description found somewhere.
And so since it's occurring it's using some double quotes here.
Yum yum sauce.
And another one here.
So even if you put some double quotes to separate your reviews from the result that is one or zero.
Well you would still have this kind of problem whereas if you separate your review in the light Voivode
by a tab you will never get this kind of problem because no one will press tab by writing a review.
So definitely that's the one we'll go for restaurant underscore reviews Dot T S V tab separated values
and by the way this is a data set taken from a paper from group to individual labels using deep features
by Coachy us.
So we will use that he said and this contains 1000 reviews for each of the review we have the real results
0 or 1.
So let's do it let's start implementing our algorithm and we will start with the first step there is
to import this data set restaurant reviews tears V into our studio so let's do it.
Let's close this and let's go back to our studio.
All right so now let's import the data set.
So as usual we're going to call our data set data set this way and then equals and then that's where
we use a function to import the data set.
However so far we've been using the reduction function to import our data sets because simply our data
sets where C has the files.
But as we just understood this time we're not dealing with a C as we file we are dealing with a TSB
file.
So of course things might be different now but we will still type read and see as we hear and then some
parenthesis and then let's press on here to get some info about this readout function.
So what do we see first.
We see that we don't only have one import function.
Indeed we can see here that we have to read that table function which we haven't used yet.
The reduction function which is the function we've been using since the beginning of this course.
Then we also have the readouts with two function which is the same as this one with the only difference
that the default separator.
You know the delimiter that is separating your columns is a semicolon instead of a comma as the default
parameter for the reader is the function.
So that's the main difference between the two.
But that's not what we are interested in right now because we would like to use a function where the
default parameter for the separator is a tab and not a semicolon.
We could still use this readout function and change the set parameter but you know let's use another
function for wants to import the dataset with the right default parameter.
And speaking of the default parameter which should be the tab separator.
Well that's actually the next import function which is the read that the lym function.
Indeed you can see here that the default parameter for the separator is a tab slushed here means tab
actually.
So that's exactly the function we want.
That's the best function to use for data set right now because our dataset contains columns separated
by type.
So that's the functional use.
So I'm going to remove Here read that says as and replace it by read out the LEM.
Here we go.
And now we input the parameters.
So it's the same principle as for retouches V.
We of course need to input first the dataset in quotes and the data set is called restaurant
reviews don't t as read.
So we need to specify this because indeed in our working directory folder we have the two files she
has me in tears so we need to specify here TSB.
That's the first parameter and then we have some other parameters like this had a parameter here which
is by default equals to true meaning that it considers the first line of our data set as the titles
of the columns which is the case for our data set because remember the first line is Review tab liked
and review is the title of the first column and liked is the title of the second column.
So we are good with this head of parameter.
So we don't need to put this and same for this next parameter set because by default the parameter for
the separator is a tab and that's exactly what we need right now.
And then we have this parameter quote and that's a very useful parameter to input for natural language
processing because most of the time you'll find some quotes.
Most of the time the above quotes in your text we checked that we had some in our reviews and so we
need to ignore these quotes because we don't want to have some kind of misinterpretation.
When I read that Dilling function reads all the reviews.
So in general and natural language processing it's better to ignore any kind of quote.
We did exactly the same in Python and everything went well.
So we'll do the same here.
And to do this we add this quote parameter and we said it equals to actually nothing in quotes.
You know by putting nothing in this quote here that means that it's ignoring any kind of quotes in the
text.
So that's good.
And now we'll add a last parameter that is not specified here and which is the strings as factors parameter.
And what is this parameter used for.
Well you know the first column of our dataset contains the written reviews and you know when or when
we're making some classification models which will be what we'll be doing here in natural language processing
because basically we'll be classifying your reviews and tell whether they are positive or negative.
So that's classification.
And you know when we're doing some classification models and working with some categorical variables
Well remember we use this factor function to specify the categorical variables as factors.
And you know right now we have some reviews.
And since in some way it's not a numeric variable.
You know taking some continuous real values.
Well in some way it can be considered as a categorical variable having some different factors but in
natural language processing we must not identify the reviews as factors in our.
And that's because we will analyze the inside of the reviews because we'll be analyzing the different
words of the review to understand the correlations between the presence of the words and the result
whether to reduce positive or negative.
So since we'll drill into the review and analyze its content Well we must not specify the review as
factors as if it was a single entity because that's what a factor would be a single entity having a
single meaning regardless of the different meanings of the different words of the review.
And so to prevent from identifying those reviews as factors.
Well what we need to do is add this other parameter which is the strain as factors parameter.
Here it is.
I just need to press enter.
And now we just need to input false like this in quotes and that will not identify the reviews as factors
and that's all that's how we should import this text file you know using the redeliver import function
to import a T as we file by default and then add this quote parameter to ignore the quotes and then
add the string as factors parameter to prevent us from identifying the reviews as factors.
All right so let's do it.
Let's select this line of code and execute.
All right.
All good our data set is important.
As you can see it has 1000 observations that means that the cut between the review column and the liked
column was done very properly without any issue.
So now let's open our data sets and let's have a look.
As you can see all the reviews are very well separated to their verdict whether it's a positive or negative
review.
And so everything here looks great and we need to make sure that we have our 1000 reviews where we can
see that here very easily.
But you know we have our 1000 reviews and when I scroll up we can see that all the reviews are well
in the review column and all the light results 0 or 1 are well and light colored.
Here you see if I scroll up we don't have any review in the like column or a 1 or 0 in the review column.
So everything looks great we are ready to move on to the next step which will be to clean the different
reviews.
There is a compulsory step in natural language processing which consists of cleaning the text to make
it ready for our future machine learning algorithms.
So that's what we'll do in the next story.
Well and until then enjoy machine learning